Payment is super essential when it comes to e-commerce Web site because without payment it will be almost
impossible to purchase a product in this video.
We will learn how to create an API using stripe.
So go ahead and do that.
So good I mean.
Yes.
And what you want to do is you want to import nodders you are called Polder.
Right.
And then you want to go on year and you want to create you know the payment API.
So the logic is quite simple.
We want to charge the customers.
Then after we charge then only we want to create the Order object or order schema.
So let's go ahead and router those.
Did you guys enjoy the music.
If you do then please leave me a five star view and I'll definitely put more awesome music in the future.
Now I'm just joking.
It's up to you.
How many stars do you want to give me.
So let me explain.
From top to bottom.
First is we are doing post requests to the server and that we are sending the GOP talking so that we
can check what a token is value not and only we can use the request encoded user dot on his right knee
and then we take the striped token from the front end and then we the charge you know we'd always be
multiply by 100.
The reason why because Strype will automatically automatically convert.
For example if it is two hundred and fifty dollars it will automatically convert to it goes to 2.5.
So we always have 10 times 100 to get this amount which is 250.
So that's the reason why we times hundred of the total price of the cart for example and then next thing
is we create the right customer once that we pass in the Strub token that I need for this type token
we got from the front end and and we just want to get the ID so that we can verify right.
This customer actually pre-Chase this and only this customer has the specific And then we charge the
customer.
So we want to check if the token is valid or not if it's valid then we want to charge the customer.
We give giving the amount.
And in us the and then after that we send the customer into an idea because we want to make you unique.
So once we charge the customer then we want to create the order actually.
So we want to bring the Order object so that we can see any transactions that we use it has me so.
And then after we have technically created the order we want to push all the products all the products
from the cart to the order schema.
For example let's see if we have five products that we want to send one by one to brush maybe a computer
and the quantity will be one or two or three.
So we want to push the products every.
So that's about it.
And then finally we want to save the order and then we want a response you know with a success and message
successfully meet a and it's as simple as that.
So it is Bruce.
First we take the token for a front end and then we take the top prize in times 100.
So we get an actual amount and save it on stripe and then we create the customer because we wanted to
make it unique.
But you get a sense the idea of the token and then we charge the customer.
And then finally we actually created the Order object so we can see all the products or told price and
so on and so forth.
Unfortunately we can't all the test is raw when the front end is presented.
So in the next video or section at imprisonable actually Bill the cart component so that you can actually
use this API and test it out.
I'll see you guys in the next section by.